March 2024 hackathon sites (#2921)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/crg.md

---
title: 'Hackathon - March 2025 (CRG)'

> subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at CRG'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at CRG, Spain'
```

shortTitle: 'CRG'
type: 'hackathon'
startDate: '2025-03-17'
startTime: '09:00+01:00'
endDate: '2025-03-19'
endTime: '17:00+01:00'
locations:
  - name: CRG
    address: |
      PRBB building, C/Doctor Aiguader, 88
    links:
      - https://www.crg.eu/

>     geoCoordinates: [30.336332499999997, -81.51521803329344]

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/af53ba30-fd2e-4a9c-b447-9a73e14bd6c9)

Maybe not :sweat_smile: . This probs better:

```suggestion
    geoCoordinates: [41.385532, 2.193823]
```

Author: Hah, yes the initial automated geolocation was maybe a bit rough 😅
